I'd love to see whatever you were able to do.
Either you have achieved a complete and functional program, or at least a couple of well defined functions.
But then you had a little bit of trouble articulating the whole thing to work as you expected.
Don't worry, you're learning is going to be complete with the following solution where we show you
how we solved it.
Let's go over to pie chart so I'll take a number to Spenser will be organized in two modules.
The first module, the one we'll create now is the one containing generators and decorators.
This module will create the turns, so we'll type tickets.
PY.
And here we'll begin to create our generator functions.
The first one will be in charge of creating tickets for buying perfumes.
We can name this function perfume tickets and it will only contain a for loop.
Here we can add a range from 1 to 10000.
This is just an example.
We don't have to worry about memory space.
And remember that generators don't create the whole list of numbers we add.
They just produce numbers as we ask for them.
So for each number found in this range, our loop will create a string literal containing P for perfume,
followed by a hyphen and a number.
In this way, our loop will hand over ten tickets, according to the number of people using the ticket
dispenser.
And now let's create two more generator functions.
We'll copy them because they'll be quite similar.
One will hand over medicine tickets and the other one will hand over cosmetic tickets.
So this one will create a string literal containing M followed by one, two, three, and so on.
And this one string will be C, one, two, three, and so on.
So we already have our three generators.
Let's store them in variables.
Thus those generators will remember the last given tickets and will be able to keep on handing the following
tickets over.
The first variable is P, which is equal to perfume tickets.
The second variable is M, which is equal to medicine tickets.
And the third variable is C, which is equal to cosmetic tickets.
So we have our generators and their variables.
Now it's time to create a decorator which will both change the format of the tickets and include the
function corresponding to the product the customer wants to buy.
So Decorator will need to know which product the customer is interested in so as to hand over the correct
ticket.
Now we'll start to decorate our numbers.
Let's print a row of asterisks so as to make our tickets attractive.
Now let's add a line break as to make more space use quotes, of course.
And I'll concatenate this with a row of asterisks multiplied by 23.
Why do I use this number?
Well, because I already tested it, and I know this is the correct length.
You can add the number that's best suited to your text.
Then we'll print a message that reads something like Your number is Colon, and this line will be followed
by a number.
In order to generate this number and see what product the customer has chosen, will execute some control
flow statements.
So if product is equal to P, the software will print next P, which is the variable in charge of delivering
tickets to buy perfumes.
If that's not the case, then ELIF product is equal to M, which is the next variable and we'll print
next M.
Finally we'll add else because there aren't more options.
The next one is C, so there's no point in clarifying it and we'll print next C and so the numbers or
tickets will be delivered according to customer's choice.
So it doesn't matter if the customer changes products when they pick a product whose number was already
given.
The software will deliver the following number.
Thanks to next.
So let's finish our declarations by printing.
Please wait for your turn.
Another row of asterisks multiplied by 23, which will be concatenated with a line break in order to
be separated from the following text.
So we have our tickets ready.
We have three generators, their variables and a decorator.
And the customers choice isn't important.
We didn't need to write three decorators for each ticket.
We only entered one decorator, which helped us to save loads of space.
So now we'll create a new module named Main dot P.
This will run our main code, so we have to make sure we import everything from tickets.
Let's do that.
And now we're able to use all the functions we created in the previous module.
Fortunately, we learned how to do this.
So let's create a function named ask, which will be in charge of asking the customer which product
they're interested in perfume, medicine, or cosmetics.
This will start by printing a greeting message such as Welcome to Python Drugstore and that will be
its name.
And we'll start a while loop.
That will allow us to keep on iterating as long as it's true until the customer chooses the right option.
Checking if our variables were true or false was quite a mess.
But now we can handle errors with try accept.
And finally and everything is more organized.
So first we'll print the option so that the customer can see them.
So print capital P in case they want the perfume line.
Break capital M in case they want medicine, another line break and capital C in case they want cosmetics.
Well, I think we can continue with the next line, which is the try block.
What will our code try to do?
It will try to make the user store their input in the my product variable where we tell them choose
your product colon.
As the user can enter uppercase, all lowercase letters will change whatever their input is to uppercase
letters using the upper method so as to not have any problems.
Now we have to make room for exceptions, which can occur when the user makes a wrong choice.
So let's use the accept block.
So we're going to create a list containing correct options, which are p m and C.
They are capital letters as will change the user's input to uppercase.
And we're going to apply the index method, adding my product, the user's choice, because this line
will raise an exception where the user chooses an option that's not in the list.
Now, in case the user input something invalid, the accept block will print a message reading that
is not a valid option.
And that's it.
Notice that except court a style error.
If I position myself there, I can see it is a two broad exception clause I can't use except without
clarifying something.
Well, we should know that there's a value error, so let's clarify it.
Value error.
This is a style issue.
If you don't enter value era, it will work just as the same.
But let's add it so that our code is clearer.
So finally we're going to add an LS that will be applied in case there are no errors.
So we'll add a break in order to get out of the loop.
Now, before leaving, will call our decorator so that we can execute our tickets once we've gotten
a valid letter.
How do we call the decorator?
Since it's inside the ticket's module, we have to type tickets.
Decorator.
And here we have it.
So let's pass my product to it, because it requires a product.
And we have our ask function ready.
So there's one function left which will start our code execution.
Once the user has chosen a product and receive the ticket, the system will ask if they wish to take
another ticket.
As a result, we'll be able to check the functionality of our generators.
So let's create that function.
It can be named start.
It doesn't require parameters because it is the first thing to be executed.
We'll add while true in order for it to keep on asking the user if they want to know the ticket.
And now let's add the ask function.
This will execute everything we've created.
Then we'll ask the user if they want another ticket and this will be inside a try accept block so that
we make sure that they choose the right option.
And will make another ticket variable be equal to the user's input where we ask them, Do you want another
ticket?
They will have some options here, of course, because they have to enter y or n and let's make sure
the user's input is changed to uppercase with the open method.
Okay.
So the user will input this.
Here we'll create a list of valid options which are y and n and apply the index method in order to search
for another ticket.
Index the user's input.
If there's an error, it will raise an exception.
If not, we'll go straight to LS as to move forward.
Here we add accept and value error as well.
If the user doesn't choose correctly, this block will tell the user that is not a valid option.
Now else, if the user does enter Y or NW and if will be executed in order to check if another ticket
is equal to NW, there's no need to check if it is equal to Y because we want to know if the user doesn't
want another ticket.
If the user chooses, MN will print something like Thanks for visiting our Python drug store.
Then we add break so as to get out of the loop.
So if the user enters, why, nothing will happen because there will be nothing to execute and the loop
will start again.
Asking the user if they want another ticket.
So this should deliver tickets even if the user chooses different options.
So let's call start and this will be the execution of the program itself and now we're ready to test
it.
So go click on Run and Run Main and here's our code.
Welcome to Python Drug Store, P for perfume, M for medicine and C for cosmetics.
Choose your product.
Let's input something invalid like K that is not a valid option.
Okay, let's enter 45.
It is also not valid either.
Let's enter p lowercase to see if it works.
Okay.
It says your number is p one.
Please wait for your turn.
Do you want another ticket?
Yes, of course I want to buy medicines as well.
So I'll choose em and enter a capital one in order to see if this works.
I got em one, so I'll keep on taking tickets.
This time I'll choose another for perfumes.
Let's see if I get number two.
Okay, I got P two and if I take another ticket for medicine, I get number two for medicine.
And if I choose cosmetics, I get a number one for cosmetics and so on.
The system remembers the last ticket delivered for each product and it hands over the following number
to.
So let's enter n to get out and there's a message reading Thanks for visiting our Python drugstore.
So now I've got all the tickets.
I need to buy some stuff from the Python drugstore.
All right.
I hope this program has made you think a lot and that we have been able to make our code work properly.
If not, I hope this solution has helped you understand how generators work.
We were able to apply decorators as well.
In other words, we could apply different modules to a single efficient program which is present to
our day to day life.
So the day is finishing and I hope you've enjoyed this day eight of the course.
I'll see you in the next one.